# Encounter-Closer
Closes open encounters on VISTA that uses terminal emulation
The current VA VistA system will allow undeserved and unwanted open encounters to slip through a visit.  These encounters cannot be detected easily, and indicate an unfinished patient visit.  The goal of this system is to use current VA software to find, and allow the encounters to be closed.  The absolute rule of user programming on VA software (and I am a user) is that no techniques or tricks may be used on the system which are no9t within the ready capacity of the user - no newly introduced software, no attempts to break security, etc.  The innocent user (again, that's me) might write something that could be used to co-opt the VA software system as a whole, and that is not permitted.  The only programming used is that which is open to the sit-down user; no new software or goodies (unless permitted by VA ITO.)
The emulator used by the VistA program before CPRS to access VISTA is the Micro Focus Reflection emulator.  It, in fact, allows for the uploading of text files that it will enter into the emulator as text, with <CR> as line terminator.  A set of instructions for the Micro Focus Reflection Emulator for running Vista is quite simple.  In my VISTA, the control of OPEN ENCOUNTERS is accessed through the ^ADM (administrate) physician pathway, followed by ^EDE(i forget) path.  Reviewing AL (all ?locations?) and NA (non-encounter) lists the open encounters only.  Changing the date (CD<CR>) followed by starting date (-10<CR>) and (-1<CR>) shows the dates from ten days ago to yesterday.  That's it!  Attached is a .txt file that I would use to access the NWMETRO "orthwest" in my Division, and DUMMY clinic, for open encounters from day -10 to day -1.  Good cheer.
